feat(ecs-service-extensions): Enable default logging to CloudWatch for extensions (under feature flag) (#17817)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk-containers/ecs-service-extensions/README.md

Every `ServiceDescription` requires at minimum that you add a `Container` extension
which defines the main application (essential) container to run for the service.

### Logging using `awslogs` log driver

If no observability extensions have been configured for a service, the ECS Service Extensions configure an `awslogs` log driver for the application container of the service to send the container logs to CloudWatch Logs. You can either provide a log group to the `Container` extension or one will be created for you by the CDK.

Following is an example of an application with an `awslogs` log driver configured for the application container:

```ts
const environment = new Environment(stack, 'production');

const nameDescription = new ServiceDescription();
nameDescription.add(new Container({
  cpu: 1024,
  memoryMiB: 2048,
  trafficPort: 80,
  image: ContainerImage.fromRegistry('nathanpeck/name'),
  environment: {
    PORT: '80',
  },
  // Optionally provide a log group to send the application container logs to (If not provided, a log group will be created on your behalf)
  logGroup: new awslogs.LogGroup(stack, 'MyLogGroup'),
}));
```

> This logging behavior is supported by default if using CDK v1.140.0 or v2.6.0 and later. For enabling this behavior for previous versions, ensure that the `ECS_SERVICE_EXTENSIONS_ENABLE_DEFAULT_LOG_DRIVER` flag within the application stack context is set to true, like so:

Reviewer: This is a bit hard to describe in english rather than code 😂 . Here is my suggestion:

```suggestion
If a log group is not provided, no observability extensions have been created, and the `ECS_SERVICE_EXTENSIONS_ENABLE_DEFAULT_LOG_DRIVER` feature flag is enabled, then logging will be configured by default and a log group will be created for you. 

The `ECS_SERVICE_EXTENSIONS_ENABLE_DEFAULT_LOG_DRIVER` feature flag is enabled by default in any CDK apps that are created with CDK v1.140.0 or v2.8.0 and later.
To enable default logging for previous versions, ensure that the `ECS_SERVICE_EXTENSIONS_ENABLE_DEFAULT_LOG_DRIVER` flag within the application stack context is set to true, like so:
```

Also updated the version number - hopefully these will still be the release numbers for next week.

To enable the feature flag, ensure that the `ECS_SERVICE_EXTENSIONS_ENABLE_DEFAULT_LOG_DRIVER` flag within an application stack context is set to true, like so:

```ts
stack.node.setContext(cxapi.ECS_SERVICE_EXTENSIONS_ENABLE_DEFAULT_LOG_DRIVER, true);
```

Following is an example of an application with the `ECS_SERVICE_EXTENSIONS_ENABLE_DEFAULT_LOG_DRIVER` feature flag enabled:

```ts
const stack = new cdk.Stack();
stack.node.setContext(cxapi.ECS_SERVICE_EXTENSIONS_ENABLE_DEFAULT_LOG_DRIVER, true);

const environment = new Environment(stack, 'production');

const nameDescription = new ServiceDescription();
nameDescription.add(new Container({
  cpu: 1024,
  memoryMiB: 2048,
  trafficPort: 80,
  image: ContainerImage.fromRegistry('nathanpeck/name'),
  environment: {
    PORT: '80',
  },
  // Optionally provide a log group to send the application container logs to (If not provided, a log group will be created on your behalf)

>   logging: new awslogs.LogGroup(stack, 'MyLogGroup'),

Author: Good catch! It was actually supposed to be `logGroup`.
